[DOCS][9.4 & Serverless] Document user-defined (human-readable) connector IDs (#263888)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/connectors-kibana.md

To import and export connectors, use the [Saved Objects Management UI](docs-content://explore-analyze/find-and-organize/saved-objects.md).

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+` If you import a connector and use **Check for existing objects**, and its connector ID matches a [preconfigured connector](/reference/connectors-kibana/pre-configured-connectors.md), {{kib}} warns you that the preconfigured connector takes precedence. You can remove the imported copy if it's not needed. If you import with **Create new objects with random IDs**, {{kib}} keeps both objects and assigns a new id to the imported connector.

Reviewer: > You can remove the imported copy if it's not needed 

The imported saved object **is automatically removed** after import if the id conflicts with a preconfigured one. 
In this case, we're displaying a warning message after import saying: 

<img width="553" height="532" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ee6fd36-acb7-4817-b4f2-6c925245213c" />

Author: ```suggestion
{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+` If you import a connector and use **Check for existing objects**, and its connector ID matches a [preconfigured connector](/reference/connectors-kibana/pre-configured-connectors.md), {{kib}} warns you that the preconfigured connector takes precedence and removes the imported connector. If you import with **Create new objects with random IDs**, {{kib}} keeps both objects and assigns a new id to the imported connector.
```
